These instructions will help you to quickly generate a FreeCAD file with this script.

1.  If you have not already done so, download and install the latest version of FreeCAD.

2.  Copy the raw data from your http://www.keyboard-layout-editor.com/ to a new text document anywhere on your computer. 

3.  Open up KeyboardCAD.py in a text editor. You will have to modify the lines found in the
	user parameters section at the very top of the script. This includes the size of the plate,
	location where you saved the layout data and the file name you will save the document as.
	
4.  Once your user parameters are all correct, review the code in the measurements section.
	The values in that section are all defaults that I derived from various sources. It is likely that
	you won't have to change anything if you are making a cherry mx board with standard spacing. 
	Pay special attention to the stabilizers sub-section.
	
5.  (Optional) Populate the screw hole list if you know the x, y coordinates of each hole on the plate. This is more useful 
	if you plan on making a bottom plate too. By using a blank keyboard layout, the script will make a plate with the same 
	dimensions and screw holes, but no switches; therefore, a back plate.

6.  Save changes to the script and make note of its location on your computer.

7.  Open up a command or terminal window. Once in it, I recommend changing directory to your FreeCAD bin folder, since this 
	is where the included python program is found. You can use the python that you may have installed on your computer, 
	but this isn't recommended. It would have to the same version of python that FreeCAD uses anyway and you would have to 
	change the two FreeCAD path variables in the script. 
	
8.  Enter a command to call the python program with the path to the KeyboardCAD.py as a parameter, thus executing it.
	For example, with windows in cmd: 
		python.exe d:\Users\Nick\Documents\Dev\KeyboardCAD\KeyboardCAD.py
	You may notice an error message saying that a module was not found. Ignore it as it is a bug in FreeCAD.
	
9.  Congratulations! You now have a 3D model of your custom keyboard plate. Open it up and take a look. All the 
	parts will probably be invisible at first. Ctrl + a will select all objects and space will make them visible.
	
10. Unfortunately, the parts in their current form will probably not be of much use to you. Whatever format you
	want to export them to, you will first have to combine them into one part. This takes a long time for your 
	computer to do, so it is not included in the script. To combine the parts, go to the part workbench in the dropdown 
	menu near the top taskbar. Then select all the parts with ctrl + a and click on the intersection (common) function. 
	If an error dialogue pops up, it's because you had something other than the parts selected. Click beside the parts list 
	in the tree and try again.
	Waiting time varies by your computer's performance and the complexity of your plate, but expect it to be 5-20  minutes. 
	Check out http://www.freecadweb.org/wiki/index.php?title=Part_Module if you can't find any of the 
	operations mentioned above.
	
11. It should be straight forward to export the combined part to various formats. Exporting to .svg may be a little tricky 
	though. I will hopefully add instructions for that some time soon.
	
Notes:

The main limitation of the script at the moment is that it assumes that the switch is always in the exact middle of the key, 
according to the x, y, w, h values in the raw data. Keep this in mind when using non-rectangular keys or stepped keys,
as they add secondary values which will be ignored. Despite this, switch placement seems to be correct for big-ass enter keys
as well as ISO enter keys, since the templates of these keys included in the editor have proper x,y,w,h values.
The assumed switch position may seem like a big problem for certain cases, but with clever manipulation of your layout, 
any possible plate can be made.	

Here are some tips for dealing with some situations you may encounter:
	
	1.  If you want cutouts on all four sides of the switch, copy all keys in the layout and place "!r!" in the label of each key
		in the copy layout. Then move the copy to overlap the original exactly. This way, the script will make two switch cuts
		for each key, and one will be rotated and thus you will have cutouts on all four sides of the switch.
		
	2.  You may want a switch hole to be wide so as to accept multiple key positions or stem locations. For example, you want to 
		accommodate spacebars with different non-standard stem positions, or you may want the plate to accept keys of multiple widths
		in one position. To accomplish this, add multiple 1x1 keys in the editor to widen the hole.
	
	3.  Similarly, you may want to use keys with off-center stems such as a stepped caps lock key. To accommodate this, simply position 
		the keys in the editor according to where you want the switch to be, not what the final appearance of the keyboard will be.
		
	